docs(remix): fix minor mistakes (#2118)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/_posts/2022-07-15-remix-demo.md

We've prepared a small package illustrating how to log in and out of a Remix application, as well as requiring authentication for a given component. To follow along, clone [this repository](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-remix) and run `npm install`. 

There's one somewhat unusual feature of this example, which is that we chose file-based rather than cookie-based session storage. With file-based storage, [only the session ID is stored in the cookie](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/api/remix#createfilesessionstorage-node). A common security principle is to avoid having sensitive data on a client such as a browser or mobile app whenever possible. This principle is the reason this example uses file based session storage.

> Additionally, FusionAuth always recommends a corresponding server component for every front-end application. For instance, our [React demo](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-react-2.0) has a client written in React that talks to an Express server which talks to the FusionAuth server. If you compare Remix to React, one of the biggest differences is that Remix has the server built in, so there's no need to run a separate server process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, FusionAuth always recommends a corresponding server component for every front-end application. For instance, our [React demo](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-react-guide) has a client written in React talks to the FusionAuth server which uses the [hosted backend](/docs/v1/tech/apis/hosted-backend). You could also use Express. If you compare Remix to React, one of the biggest differences is that Remix has the server built in, so there's no need to run a separate server process.
```

Updated for hosted back end option.

> Additionally, FusionAuth always recommends a corresponding server component for every front-end application. For instance, our [React demo](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-react-2.0) has a client written in React that talks to an Express server which talks to the FusionAuth server. If you compare Remix to React, one of the biggest differences is that Remix has the server built in, so there's no need to run a separate server process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, FusionAuth always recommends a corresponding server component for every front-end application. For instance, our [React demo](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-react-guide) has a client written in React talks to the FusionAuth server which uses the [hosted backend](/docs/v1/tech/apis/hosted-backend). You could also use Express. If you compare Remix to React, one of the biggest differences is that Remix has the server built in, so there's no need to run a separate server process.
```

Updated for hosted back end option.

For this example, you will also need a working FusionAuth instance. There are [various ways](/docs/v1/tech/installation-guide/fusionauth-app) to install FusionAuth depending on your system, but the easiest way is to use Docker and Docker Compose. [Instructions are here](/docs/v1/tech/installation-guide/docker). Assuming you have Docker installed, start FusionAuth by running these commands:

```bash

> curl -o docker compose.yml https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-containers/master/docker/fusionauth/docker-compose.yml

Reviewer: Did you really want to remove the dash here?

Reviewer: Please use `{% include posts/install-fusionauth.md %}` (you may need to merge master)

Author: Done

> https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-containers/master/docker/fusionauth/docker-compose.override.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This file is now empty.

```
CLIENT_ID="85a03867-dccf-4882-adde-1a79aeec50df"
CLIENT_SECRET="b4xOdsBUWHQkkU3BOqAxSilfttI4TJv9eI_LOj8zVgE"

> AUTH_URL="http://localhost:9011/oauth2"

Reviewer: please also pull in any code file using `remote_include` from the remix example app.

Author: I used `remote_include` for all other code. The example `.env` like this is not in the remix repository.

Reviewer: We can pull in https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-remix/blob/main/env.example.

Reviewer: nm

AUTH_CALLBACK_URL="http://localhost:3000/auth/callback"
```

## Test it out

> At this point you should be ready to fire up the Remix server. Do so by running `npm run dev` in the directory where your `.env` file is.

Reviewer: looks like `npm run dev` is dev mode and `npm start` is prod mode. Any reason to pick one over the other?

Author: `npm start` does not work at this stage, because the Remix app is not built yet. We either have to build it first now, or start it with `npm run dev`

Reviewer: Sounds good.
